Gradle task `fastAssemble` for executing assemble without Javadoc (#218)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

**Implementation details:**

Added a new gradle task `fastAssemble` to quickly rebuild the Checker
Framework for local development. This command will assemble the jar

> files without generating any Javadoc, thus it's faster than the gradle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files without generating any Javadoc, thus it is faster than the gradle
```
